and the sons of the prophets said to
and the sons of the prophets said to Elijah see now the place where we dwell
Elijah see now the place where we dwell
Elijah see now the place where we dwell with you is too small for us please let
with you is too small for us please let
with you is too small for us please let us go to the Jordan and let every man
us go to the Jordan and let every man
us go to the Jordan and let every man take a beam from there and let us make
take a beam from there and let us make
take a beam from there and let us make there a place where we may dwell go
there a place where we may dwell go
there a place where we may dwell go please consent to go with your servants
please consent to go with your servants
please consent to go with your servants I will go so he went with them and when
I will go so he went with them and when
I will go so he went with them and when they came to the Jordan they cut down
they came to the Jordan they cut down
they came to the Jordan they cut down trees but as one was cutting down a tree
trees but as one was cutting down a tree
trees but as one was cutting down a tree the iron axe head fell into the water
the iron axe head fell into the water
the iron axe head fell into the water and he cried out alas master for it was
and he cried out alas master for it was
and he cried out alas master for it was borrowed where did it fall and he showed
borrowed where did it fall and he showed
borrowed where did it fall and he showed him the place so he cut off a stick and
him the place so he cut off a stick and
him the place so he cut off a stick and threw it in there and he made the iron
threw it in there and he made the iron
threw it in there and he made the iron float pick it up for yourself so he
float pick it up for yourself so he
float pick it up for yourself so he reached out his hand and took it now the
reached out his hand and took it now the
reached out his hand and took it now the king of Syria was making war against
king of Syria was making war against
king of Syria was making war against Israel and he consulted with his servant
Israel and he consulted with his servant
Israel and he consulted with his servant saying my camp will be in such and such
saying my camp will be in such and such
saying my camp will be in such and such a place and the man of God sent to the
a place and the man of God sent to the
a place and the man of God sent to the king of Israel beware that you do not
king of Israel beware that you do not
king of Israel beware that you do not pass this place for the Syrians are
pass this place for the Syrians are
pass this place for the Syrians are coming down there then the king of
coming down there then the king of
coming down there then the king of Israel sent someone to the place of
Israel sent someone to the place of
Israel sent someone to the place of which the man of God had told him thus
which the man of God had told him thus
which the man of God had told him thus he warned him and he was watchful there
he warned him and he was watchful there
he warned him and he was watchful there not just once or twice therefore the
not just once or twice therefore the
not just once or twice therefore the heart of the king of Syria was greatly
heart of the king of Syria was greatly
heart of the king of Syria was greatly troubled by this thing and he called his
troubled by this thing and he called his
troubled by this thing and he called his servants and said to them will you not
servants and said to them will you not
servants and said to them will you not kill me which of us is for the king of
kill me which of us is for the king of
kill me which of us is for the king of Israel none my lord o king but Elisha
Israel none my lord o king but Elisha
Israel none my lord o king but Elisha the prophet who is in Israel tells the
the prophet who is in Israel tells the
the prophet who is in Israel tells the king of Israel the words that you speak
king of Israel the words that you speak
king of Israel the words that you speak in your bedroom go and see where he is
in your bedroom go and see where he is
in your bedroom go and see where he is that I may send and get here
that I may send and get here
that I may send and get here surely he is in Dothan therefore he sent
surely he is in Dothan therefore he sent
surely he is in Dothan therefore he sent horses and chariots and a great army
horses and chariots and a great army
horses and chariots and a great army there and they came by night and
there and they came by night and
there and they came by night and surrounded the city and when the servant
surrounded the city and when the servant
surrounded the city and when the servant of the man of God arose early and went
of the man of God arose early and went
of the man of God arose early and went out there was an army surrounding the
out there was an army surrounding the
out there was an army surrounding the city with horses and chariots and his
city with horses and chariots and his
city with horses and chariots and his servants said to him alas my master what
servants said to him alas my master what
servants said to him alas my master what shall we do do not fear for those who
shall we do do not fear for those who
shall we do do not fear for those who are with us are more than those who are
are with us are more than those who are
are with us are more than those who are with them and Elijah pray lord I pray
with them and Elijah pray lord I pray
with them and Elijah pray lord I pray open his eyes that he may see them the
open his eyes that he may see them the
open his eyes that he may see them the Lord opened the eyes of the young man
Lord opened the eyes of the young man
Lord opened the eyes of the young man and he saw behold the mountain was full
and he saw behold the mountain was full
and he saw behold the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire all
of horses and chariots of fire all
of horses and chariots of fire all around Elijah so when the Syrians came
around Elijah so when the Syrians came
around Elijah so when the Syrians came down to him
down to him
down to him Elijah pray to the Lord strike this
Elijah pray to the Lord strike this
Elijah pray to the Lord strike this people I pray with blindness and he
people I pray with blindness and he
people I pray with blindness and he struck them with blindness according to
struck them with blindness according to
struck them with blindness according to the word of Elijah Elijah said to them
the word of Elijah Elijah said to them
the word of Elijah Elijah said to them this is not the way nor is this the city
this is not the way nor is this the city
this is not the way nor is this the city follow me and I will bring you to the
follow me and I will bring you to the
follow me and I will bring you to the man whom you seek but he led them to
man whom you seek but he led them to
man whom you seek but he led them to Samaria so it was when they had come to
Samaria so it was when they had come to
Samaria so it was when they had come to Samaria but Elijah said Lord hath opened
Samaria but Elijah said Lord hath opened
Samaria but Elijah said Lord hath opened the eyes of these men that they may see
the eyes of these men that they may see
the eyes of these men that they may see and the Lord opened their eyes
and the Lord opened their eyes
and the Lord opened their eyes and they saw and there they were inside
and they saw and there they were inside
and they saw and there they were inside Samaria
Samaria
Samaria now when the king of Israel saw them he
now when the king of Israel saw them he
now when the king of Israel saw them he said to Elisha my father shall I kill
said to Elisha my father shall I kill
said to Elisha my father shall I kill them shall i cue them you shall not kill
them shall i cue them you shall not kill
them shall i cue them you shall not kill them would you kill those whom you've
them would you kill those whom you've
them would you kill those whom you've taken captive with your sword and your
taken captive with your sword and your
taken captive with your sword and your bow set food and water before them that
bow set food and water before them that
bow set food and water before them that they may eat and drink and go to their
they may eat and drink and go to their
they may eat and drink and go to their master then he prepared a great feast
master then he prepared a great feast
master then he prepared a great feast for them and after they ate and drank he
for them and after they ate and drank he
for them and after they ate and drank he sent them away and they went to their
sent them away and they went to their
sent them away and they went to their master so the bands of syrian raiders
master so the bands of syrian raiders
master so the bands of syrian raiders came no more into the Land of Israel and
came no more into the Land of Israel and
came no more into the Land of Israel and it happened after this that ben-hadad
it happened after this that ben-hadad
it happened after this that ben-hadad king of syria gathered all his army and
king of syria gathered all his army and
king of syria gathered all his army and went up and besieged Samaria and there
went up and besieged Samaria and there
went up and besieged Samaria and there was a great famine in samaria and indeed
was a great famine in samaria and indeed
was a great famine in samaria and indeed they besieged it until a dunk his head
they besieged it until a dunk his head
they besieged it until a dunk his head was sold for 80 shekels of silver and
was sold for 80 shekels of silver and
was sold for 80 shekels of silver and one-fourth of a cab of dove droppings
one-fourth of a cab of dove droppings
one-fourth of a cab of dove droppings for five shekels of silver then as the
for five shekels of silver then as the
for five shekels of silver then as the king of Israel was passing by on the
king of Israel was passing by on the
king of Israel was passing by on the wall a woman cried out to him if the
wall a woman cried out to him if the
wall a woman cried out to him if the Lord does not help you
Lord does not help you
Lord does not help you where can I find help for you from the
where can I find help for you from the
where can I find help for you from the threshing floor or from the winepress
what is troubling
what is troubling this woman said to me give you something
this woman said to me give you something
this woman said to me give you something that we may eat him today and we will
that we may eat him today and we will
that we may eat him today and we will eat my son tomorrow the next day give
eat my son tomorrow the next day give
eat my son tomorrow the next day give your son that we may eat him how it
your son that we may eat him how it
your son that we may eat him how it happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words of the woman that he tore his clothes
of the woman that he tore his clothes
of the woman that he tore his clothes and as he passed by on the wall but
and as he passed by on the wall but
and as he passed by on the wall but people looked and there underneath he
people looked and there underneath he
people looked and there underneath he had sat rough on his body God do so to
had sat rough on his body God do so to
had sat rough on his body God do so to me and more also if the head of elisha
me and more also if the head of elisha
me and more also if the head of elisha the son of shaphat remains on him today
but elisha was sitting in his house and
but elisha was sitting in his house and the elders were sitting with him and the
the elders were sitting with him and the
the elders were sitting with him and the king sent a man ahead of him but before
king sent a man ahead of him but before
king sent a man ahead of him but before the messenger came to him he said to the
the messenger came to him he said to the
the messenger came to him he said to the elders do you see how the son of a
elders do you see how the son of a
elders do you see how the son of a murderer has sent someone to take away
murderer has sent someone to take away
murderer has sent someone to take away my head
my head
my head look when the messenger comes shut the
look when the messenger comes shut the
look when the messenger comes shut the door and hold him fast at the door is
door and hold him fast at the door is
door and hold him fast at the door is not the sound of his master's feet
not the sound of his master's feet
not the sound of his master's feet behind him and while he was still
behind him and while he was still
behind him and while he was still talking with them there was the
talking with them there was the
talking with them there was the messenger coming down to him then the
messenger coming down to him then the
messenger coming down to him then the king said surely this calamity is from
king said surely this calamity is from
king said surely this calamity is from the Lord why should I wait for the Lord
the Lord why should I wait for the Lord
the Lord why should I wait for the Lord any longer